1. What is Python?

1. Python is a very popular general-purpose interpreted, interactive, object-oriented, and high-level programming language. 
    Python is dynamically-typed and garbage-collected programming language.

2. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including Procedural, Object Oriented and
    Functional programming language

2. Why Python:

1. Python is Open Source which means its available free of cost.
2. Python is simple and so easy to learn
3. Python is versatile and can be used to create many different things.
4. Python has powerful development libraries include AI, ML etc.
5. Python is much in demand and ensures high salary

3. key advantages of learning Python:

Python is Interpreted − Python is processed at runtime by the interpreter. You do not need to compile your program before executing it. 
                                            This is similar to PERL and PHP.
Python is Interactive −  You can actually sit at a Python prompt and interact with the interpreter directly to write your programs. 

Python is Object-Oriented − Python supports Object-Oriented style or technique of programming that encapsulates code within objects.

4. What can Python do?

Python can be used on a server to create web applications.
Python can be used alongside software to create workflows.
Python can connect to database systems. It can also read and modify files.
Python can be used to handle big data and perform complex mathematics.
Python can be used for rapid prototyping, or for production-ready software develop

5.Python Indentation

1. Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line.
2. Where in other programming languages the indentation in code is for readability only, 
     the indentation in Python is very important.
3. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.


5. Careers with Python:

Game developer
Web designer
Python developer
Full-stack developer
Machine learning engineer
Data scientist
Data analyst
Data engineer
DevOps engineer
Software engineer

6.Declare different types of variables; print their types, ids and variables in Python.

There are two inbuilt functions are using in the program:

type() - its returns the data type of the variable/object.
id() - it returns the unique identification number (id) of created object/variable.
