String Operators

Operator		Description
+		It is known as concatenation operator used to join the strings given either side of the operator.

*		It is known as repetition operator. It concatenates the multiple copies of the same string.

[]		It is known as slice operator. It is used to access the sub-strings of a particular string.

[:]		It is known as range slice operator. It is used to access the characters from the specified range.

in		It is known as membership operator. It returns if a particular sub-string is present in the specified string.

not in		It is also a membership operator and does the exact reverse of in. It returns true if a particular substring is not present in the specified string.


 use the triple quotes to accomplish this problem but Python provides the escape sequence.

The backslash(/) symbol denotes the escape sequence. 

The backslash can be followed by a special character and it interpreted differently. 

The single quotes inside the string must be escaped


11. Given a string, and we have to print the EVEN length words in Python.

Example:

    Input:
    str: Python is a programming language

    Output: 
    EVEN length words:
    Python 
    is
    language

Logic:

To print the EVEN length words, we have to check length of each word.

For that, first of all, we have to extract the words from the string and assigning them in a list.

Iterate the list using loop.

Count the length of each word, and check whether length is EVEN (divisible by 2) or not.

If word's length is EVEN, print the word.

12.Count vowels in a string ?

13. Create multiple copies of a string by using multiplication operator

14. python program to check substring presents in the string or not

# Python String Methods

Method			Description

capitalize()	Converts the first character to upper case
casefold()	Converts string into lower case
center()		Returns a centered string
count()		Returns the number of times a specified value occurs in a string
endswith()	Returns true if the string ends with the specified value